Improve angle transformation in `MottonenStatePreparation` (#7377)
PennyLaneAI/pennylane: doc/releases/changelog-dev.md

<h3>Improvements 🛠</h3>

> * Computing the angles for uniformly controlled rotations, used in `MottonenStatePreparation`
>   and `SelectPauliRot`, now takes much less computational effort and memory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Computing the angles for uniformly controlled rotations, used in :class:`~.MottonenStatePreparation`
  and :class:`~.SelectPauliRot`, now takes much less computational effort and memory.
```

<h3>Bug fixes 🐛</h3>

> * Fixes a bug in the validation of `SelectPauliRot` that prevents broadcasting.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed a bug in the validation of :class:`~.SelectPauliRot` that prevents parameter broadcasting.
```
